Hey, what are you doing?
Looking at bridal magazines.
Oh.
I know.
How exciting is all this?
It's so exciting.
I wonder why they don't
have men magazines.
-You know why?
-Why?
Because most guys don't care.
That's sad.
[LAUGHS]
The wedding is a
couple months away.
So I'm reading like all
the things to do, don't do.
It is so much fun and I figured
this is a once in a lifetime
thing so I'm going to
go full force into it.
We have to decide
how we're going
to kiss on our wedding day.
I think it should be like this.
Ew.
No.
Bryan.
Like, I want it to be so people
go, oh, they're so in love.
[LAUGHS]
[LOUD KISSING]
Bryan.
You have to be serious.
This is a special moment.
Or it could be like a
Nattie TJ kiss like a-- Ew.
That seems like
we're not in love.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I love you and I'll call
and text you in a little bit.
OK?
MAN (ON PHONE): All right.
I love you, beautiful.
Bye.
Hi.
What's wrong?
You look like gloom and doom.
I was just getting ready
and a couple of my friends
just texted me, like, oh my
gosh, have you seen the news?
Have you heard?
Another one of my
exes just got engaged.
Oh my gosh.
I'm sorry.
And it's almost like every
time I'm out of a relationship,
it's the next girl after me.
And, like, I just had
my birthday and I'm 30.
And, I don't know, I
shouldn't be annoyed.
That's weird, right?
Because I still don't have
feelings for any of them.
It's just a reminder
that, like, I'm single.
Yes.
SUMMER: My ex and I we're
together for almost two years.
I don't know.
I'm just feeling
lonelier than ever.
And, sure, I have a
great career and a lot
of things going for me.
But I have no one
to share it with.
I don't even have
any prospects.
Like, I don't even have anyone
on the radar, like, on the map
at all.
Well, you never know.
Someone could just, like,
pop up out of nowhere.
Or Jonathan can just
hook me up with someone.
Or Jonathan can definitely
hook you up with someone.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What?
You know.
No, I don't know.
Come on, man.
Because you know I got to get
it in before I go to work.
No.
Why?
Cuz.
Cuz why?
You haven't been reminding
me to take my pills.
Why I got to remind to
take your pills, Tri?
Because I forget.
NAOMI: I am on
birth control pills,
but, uh, it's just a hassle.
Well, if you just use a
love sleeve, than we wouldn't
have this problem either.
No, man.
It's too much going on.
It's too much to put on.
No, what's going
to be too much is
me getting pregnant right now.
Don't say that.
Babe, that's what happens.
Oh, I know.
I already know.
I know how it works.
Yeah, I'm cool with
the two little Jonnies
you have already.
We can wait awhile for
our little Jonnies.
NAOMI: Jon has two
beautiful kids.
And he loves them to death.
I know he'd be a great
dad for our kids, as well.
But we just got married.
I want me and Jon to
enjoy being newly weds.
Not only that, we
both are almost
at the heights of our career.
And I just can't
risk getting pregnant
at this point in my life.
You going to have a little
disco ball in your stomach.
No, I'm not.
That's why you ain't
getting none this morning.
Holla!
What was that drink
you got last time?
That cappuccino?
Hey, guys.
Hey.
What's going on
with these outfits?
I actually got here a
little early yesterday
and I went to the thrift store.
You got this at a thrift store?
Yes.
I'm kind of sad you
didn't get me one.
You actually look really cute.
I think you look super cute.
Nattie, are you
giving me a compliment?
Oh, my god.
You always have
cute style though.
I always tell you.
-Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
Thank you.
But I just don't
like that dress, girl.
This dress today is brought
to you by a text message
that I received this morning.
Three of my friends
decided to text me
and say that yet another one
of my ex-boyfriends is engaged.
I'm happy for my friends and
I'm not trying to get pregnant
or get married right away.
But, like--
You're trying to have a boo.
SUMMER: I'm so in love
with my job and what I do.
But I also think it's stopping
me from meeting someone.
Being the only single
girl in the Diva's
division kind of makes me
think, what's wrong with me?
I feel like with this job, you
need to find the right person.
You need to find that right.
Dude, it's like right
in front of her face.
It's Fandango.
No.
I already told you.
I actually could see that.
He's hot.
It's not bad to fool
around with people at work.
No.
Like, there is a lot
of attractive people.
But I feel like if I was going
to, I would want like you.
I have to be sure that
it could be something.
It's not going to be a
fling because I don't want
to have to see them every day.
Well, you know Bryan
and I actually started
dating from our story line.
Oh, really?
What was the deal with you
coming down during my entrance
last week?
Well, you know, I just
had been seeing you around
and I just really wanted to--
Hey, stud.
Miss me?
Nikki, he's hurt.
Uh, Brie, he's tough.
He's fine and handsome.
[CLEARS THROAT]
What are you two doing
flirting with this nerd?
Like, did you ever have a
crush on him before that?
Or not really?
I
I grew a crush.
Like, I'll never forget
we were in the ring
and I started talking
about like the environment
and then he started chiming in.
And I go, you care about that?
I was like, oh my gosh,
I went back and I go,
I think I have a crush on Bryan.
She goes, Daniel Bryan?
And I'm like, yeah,
who we're working with.
And remind you too Nicole had to
kiss him and I had to kiss him.
Oh, god.
So I had a crush
on him and had to--
Oh, my gosh!
Yeah.
So once our story
line ended is when
we went full force into dating.
If something were to spark
with you and Fandango,
that's how Bryan and I started.
[CHEERS]
Wa!
I scared you both.
Whoa, that was
so loud in my ear.
Oh, my god, Brie.
They have meatloaf in catering.
Oh, [BLEEP].
I told Bryan to text you.
I literally didn't
want to eat again,
but I had to have
half a meatloaf.
[BELLS]
RING ANNOUNCER: This is
a mixed tag team match
[INAUDIBLE] Emma and Santino!
ANNOUNCER: Emma says
that Santino and her
are the best couple around.
She's as graceful as Jennifer
Lawrence at the Oscars.
SUMMER: I definitely
think dating someone
where you work is risky.
But maybe the girls are right.
Fandango and I have such
great chemistry in the ring
that I feel like we could
really have something.
Plus, he's cute.
So there's that.
ANNOUNCER: The Emmalution.
Oh!
And Summer Rae tags
out [INAUDIBLE].
Emma and Santino victorious here
tonight on Monday Night RAW.
Eating.
Shirtless in your dress pants?
Yeah.
You look very nice.
Thanks, baby.
You did good there tonight.
It was awesome.
Well, I didn't do too good.
I didn't win.
But thanks.
No, but it was good.
You got a huge pop.
I'm sure it's because we just
are a great visual couple,
I guess.
We look so great
on camera together.
I don't know if it's that or--
Wait, so you're
down in Tampa now?
Yeah, for the winter.
You live near the beach?
Yeah, I live right
on Reddington beach.
Oh, really?
That's nice.
Fandango does live near me.
So this could be a
really good thing.
I think I'm going
to ask him out.
Well, if you're in Tampa,
I mean, I'm in Orlando.
That's pretty close.
We should hang out or
something this week.
OK.
Yeah.
Maybe like go to
dinner or something.
Yeah.
Come down to the beach and
there is a few restaurants
off the main strip right there.
Oh, my gosh.
Your hair is like
dripping out here.
I know. [INAUDIBLE] OK.
Well, I'm going
to put a shirt on.
No, you shouldn't
put a shirt on.
We're good working
business partners
maybe something's there.
I don't know.
You never know until
you try, right?
OK, sounds good.
Looking forward to it.
Bye.
Oh, my goodness.
I feel like it's going to snow.
Welcome to Serendipity Bridal.
How can we help you today?
Hi, I'm Brie and I
have an appointment.
BRIE: The minute I got engaged
in Big Sur, I was like,
I need to start dress shopping.
Let me show you these.
These are the ones that
we had pulled for you.
These are some Katie May pieces.
Oh, those are beautiful.
These are really pretty.
Just peek through and you'll
see satins, lace, bead work.
Actually, I'll try this one.
Well, should we start
with these and then
we'll go into the next?
-Yes.
My sister isn't here yet.
And I'm a little bummed
out because her opinion
means the most to me.
And she's my sister, I want her
there when I put on the one.
Oh.
It is stunning.
So pretty.
This is, I said, very much
Nicole's wedding dress.
Yes.
So Nicole.
It looks amazing on you.
Oh, thank you.
Well, we're just going to
have to make John to Nicole.
Then she can wear that one.
Amazing.
Oh, my gosh.
It is stunning.
Ready?
Yes.
Oh, my goodness.
It is beautiful.
Oh, I wish Nicole was here.
I know.
She's missing out.
Oh, Brie, I love it.
Me, too.
Do you have the feeling?
I do.
BRIE: This dress fits
my body like a glove.
I just put it on and I
don't want to take it off.
And I'm thinking to
myself, this can't happen.
Nikki is not here yet.
Wow.
You'll put some
of the hair over.
Kills me that
Nicole is not here.
She's on her way, isn't she?
I think.
Her loss.
All right.
Well, should we do more dresses?
I know.
I honestly don't think
anything's going to compare.
So if anything, it'll
solidify that this is it.
That's true.
Exactly.
At least we can have
fun and do it up.
Nicole!
You need a mimosa?
Yeah, I'll definitely
take a mimosa.
So, gosh, we haven't
seen you in so long.
I know.
Congratulations
on the new house.
I know.
I'm so excited.
Is it beautiful?
It's gorgeous.
So are you OK with all this?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah?
Because the last--
You guys ready for this one?
It's a fun one.
Yes.
It is fun.
What were you
guys talking about?
I could hear all these little--
Brie, it's about you right now.
I heard about this
birth control implant.
Have you talked to Jon?
It's my body, not Jon's.
I think being my
Maid of Honor you
need to be more respectable.
Ew, no.
I could look like me.
But it's not your wedding.
-Hi, guys.
-Hi.
Can I get a picture
real quick, please?
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
See you later, Ariane.
Bye!
I'm sure Nadia
will be nice and hot
when she sees Lana today on TV.
Who is Lana?
She's a new girl from NXT.
Why?
Because she's blonde?
Yeah.
And you blonde.
She might be hot with you, too.
[LAUGHS]
Girl, I'm black.
--[INAUDIBLE] I forgot to
take my darn pills again.
You need to stop doing
that because you're
about to have a little baby.
Hell no, I'm not.
[INAUDIBLE]
[INAUDIBLE] No.
No little jardies yet.
But I got to get this
together because--
[SIGH]
No, I feel you though
because I forget mine.
Do you take yours on time?
I'm not on it.
What?
Oh, my god.
So what you going to do.
One of those little
Jonathan's get up in there.
I don't know.
You got to do something, too.
I heard about this implant.
It goes like in your
arm under your skin
but it lasts for
like three years.
In your skin?
What?
NAOMI: I've done some
research on this newer
birth control method.
I don't know 100% how
this process works.
All I know is it goes under
the arm and you cannot
get pregnant for three years.
I figure with that I don't
have to stress about it anymore.
I don't have to worry.
I'm not like freaking
out when I'm late.
Because eventually
I'm going to get got.
Yes.
Like, that's just
a matter of time.
Yeah.
You need to do something.
Have you talked with Jon?
What does he think?
No, I haven't really--
I've been thinking
about it just recently.
I haven't really
discussed it with him.
And I haven't made
my mind up about it.
I think I need to do a
little more research on it.
But I think you
should to him about it.
You know what I mean?
To see what he thinks, too.
But my thing is,
if I get pregnant,
that's going to turn my
world upside down, not Jon's.
When the time is right, though.
Yeah.
I just feel like, it's not
like I'm getting my tubes tied
or completely taking
the option away.
I just don't want no
surprise right now.
OK, then when you
don't tell him--
I think you need to
have the convo, for sure.
But how bad will it be if I
tell him, he tells me not to,
and then I go do it anyway.
I'd rather ask for
forgiveness than permission.
Just get it done now.
That way you don't
have to do it later.
But I know Jon.
He's so, like, whatever
happens happens.
We'll deal with it.
And he does want kids right now.
I want kids eventually.
A lot of them.
Multiple.
As many as I can have.
But just not right now.
I just look at it this
way-- it's my body
and I just think it should be
my decision regardless of what
we agree or don't agree upon.
But if you guys
love each other.
Girl, he will lick
your dirty [BLEEP], OK?
Jon loves you.
Girl, you looking
through our window?
[LAUGHING]
[CHEERING]
ANNOUNCER: Welcome
back to main event.
AJ!
Oh!
AJ blasting Natalia.
But wait a minute.
The Funkadactyls, Naomi and
Cameron, coming to the rescue.
Oh, man.
Wiping out Tamina Snuka.
I have been working so hard
to get a shot at the title.
Lately, my career
is on the rise and
things are going great for me.
I definitely think it's time
for someone other than AJ
to be the Diva's champion.
And that someone is me.
ANNOUNCER: I tell
you you what, I think
we're seeing somebody
that might finally
unseat the WWE Diva's champion.
And things are heating up.
Hi, I'm Amber.
Nice to meet you.
HI, Nicole.
So I'm the one who made the
appointment for us to try
on some bridesmaid dresses.
-OK.
Sounds good.
I've got everything ready
in the back for you.
I feel as if I'm
the Maid of Honor,
so I deserve maybe something
red because I love red.
It's my color.
You know, maybe a
little bit of cleavage.
You know, just so
people know, like, hey,
I'm the Maid of Honor.
Yeah.
-Nicole.
Oh, my god.
I love this.
No, it's not what
I was thinking.
This is what a
Maid of Honor wears.
Let's try the next one on.
I really want my Maid of
Honor and my bridesmaids
to be just so elegant
and beautiful.
Nikki is trying
on these dresses.
They're tight fitting.
Her boobs are everywhere.
This is not the look I
wanted for my wedding.
Similar to the
color you wanted.
I still think
that's a lot of boob.
What do you mean a lot of boob?
I think being my Maid
of Honor I think you
need to be more respectable.
People will probably
be looking at you more
and you should look a
little more conservative.
Ew, no.
I could look like me.
But it's not your wedding.
I've heard about
this about brides.
Trying to cover up
the bridesmaids.
Make them look frumpy and ugly.
Like, what are you doing to me?
No.
OK.
See?
That's pretty.
My day, right?
Your day.
[SIRENS]
I'm going to the OB/GYN
today with my mom to get
this birth control implant.
I have done all of my
research and I just
think this is the best
option for me right now.
Well, it's a pretty
normal procedure.
Hopefully everything
will go well.
We'll be in and out.
But it'll be a lot
more convenient.
Definitely for me.
Yeah.
I mean, I haven't told Jon
where I'm going this morning.
So hopefully when he finds out,
he won't be too upset about it.
He's not aware?
[BLOWS RASPBERRY]
I need you to help me with
the bridesmaid dresses.
Do you think I should
do a band or a DJ?
Nicole.
Nicole?
Oh, Nicole.
Come here real quick.
New rule.
No wedding talk.
I like having you around.
If you want to stay
longer, you can.
I feel like we're
flirting back and forth.
I have that butterfly feeling.
Is this the entrance?
Yes.
I'm at the OB/GYN.
And I'm a little nervous about
getting the procedure done.
But I know 100% that
this is what I want.
Jon just texted me
asking where I'm at.
He's going to be upset.
Ma, you're not
helping me right now.
I'm just being truthful.
I know how important it
is for Jon to have kids.
I know he'd be a great dad.
But I just want to
do a few more things
before I start having babies.
Because I truly believe I
will be the Diva's champion.
I wish they'd hurry up so
I can get this over with.
Well, now you want
it to be a rush job.
Trinity?
Come on back.
All right.
I think we're ready
to get started.
OK.
So she's opening
up the device now.
It comes in an inserter.
So we're going to put
this in your left arm.
What you're going to feel
now is a little bee sting.
But just that little rod is
going to stay in your arm.
So I want you to tell
me if you feel that.
-No.
-OK.
Here we go.
It's going in.
Perfect.
All right.
We're done.
Woohoo!
OK.
-Well, this is a piece of cake.
Not bad.
I'm just putting a
little pressure here.
I feel better already.
You feel better already.
SUMMER: You can't see the
implant but you can feel it.
So I just hope Jon doesn't like
grab or try to feel on my arm.
So we're going to
keep some pressure
on this just for 24 hours.
Jon is definitely
going to want to know
why is your arm wrapped.
Dude, you're going to have
a discussion with him today.
What are you wearing?
What do you mean?
-That's a nice dress.
-Thanks.
We finally get to do something.
We've never hung out like this.
Yeah.
I mean, you need to get
out more and do stuff.
Yeah.
I asked Fandango out on a date.
Up until now it's been
strictly business.
So, I don't know, I'm curious
to see what may happen.
I don't know why I always
thought you a her girlfriend.
What do you mean?
I didn't know you were single.
I'm always single.
I'll take whatever I can get.
But see that's so weird because
you're such a good catch.
I was kidding.
Are you getting worried
that you're getting old
and you're single?
I mean, I think that's
only natural for every girl
to think about.
Don't try to show me up
with your nice clothes
every again, all right?
I'm a Diva.
We always look good.
You look OK.
Yeah.
I look OK?
[LAUGHS]
Oh, here we are.
So this is Salty's.
This is where I
come to get drunk.
Wait, what?
Hey, guys!
That's Gus, Oscar, Big Sammy.
You look nice
out of the jacket.
Why are you grabbing my arm?
[NERVOUS LAUGH]
You look good.
Gus here has got
us some margaritas.
Oh, thank you.
You guys enjoy, OK?
And you look amazing.
Oh, thank you.
OK.
Well, cheers.
You ever drink out
of a mason jar before?
No, I actually don't
even know what that is.
It's a good thing
you got nice legs.
See?
You can admit it.
Oh, my god.
Pretty stoked?
It's so good.
These will--
these will get you.
So what are you going to get?
Uh.
Do you snowboard of ski?
Mm-hm.
Really?
Which one?
Why are you asking me so
many questions all the time?
I'm just interested in learning
a little more about you.
I want you to be relaxed
and, you know, like open up.
You're telling me to open up?
Yeah.
I mean, how open
do you want to get?
I mean, what would you
say is your five year plan?
Well, I think if I meet
the right girl I'll know it
and it will be right.
But until then I'm going
to rush into anything.
So you secretly are
a hopeless romantic.
Uh, I think deep down yeah.
But my career comes first.
Right.
Someone has to
understand your career
and understand what
you go through.
And I think that's why people
date within the company.
Yeah.
I could see that.
We understand each other.
No.
Maybe later.
She's sweet enough
for the both of us.
SUMMER: I can't
pinpoint Fandango.
Is he making fun of me?
Is that a part of his charm?
I'm intrigued.
Here's Fireball.
Thank you, honey.
It's huge!
No pressure.
Oh, for [BLEEP] sake.
[CHEERS]
Your butt looks so
good when you do that.
Thanks, coach.
You're welcome.
What's up?
Oh, look who finally showed up.
I know.
Sorry we're late.
Are we working out or are
we doing a fashion show?
I could do both if you want.
Whoa.
Watch yourself.
Oh, Nicole, come
here real quick.
[INAUDIBLE] I need you to help
me with the bridesmaid dresses.
Maddie, we haven't
figured out hers.
But I have a couple pictures.
We're between two
dresses for her.
OK.
We can talk about this later.
I got to workout, dude.
We'll think of it.
One, good.
Oh, [BLEEP].
Two, that's elbows up.
Good.
Stay on them heels.
Nicole?
[BLEEP]
-All right.
What?
Let me do my front squat.
I know.
But I was thinking,
like, obviously you need
to help me like who do I mix.
Like maybe married couples with
married couples or something.
I don't know.
I'll think about it.
I did my three.
All right.
Give me one second.
Nicole.
What?
It better be about
a front squat.
No.
Excuse me.
New rule.
Any time we're in the
gym no wedding talk.
I just asked you
a simple question.
You've asked me 10 and they
all deal with your wedding.
BRIE: We have such
a crazy schedule
and we're always on the road.
We never get to talk
about personal things.
So I'm asking Nikki about the
wedding and wanting her advice
and she snaps at me.
Rude.
What do you think the guys
want to just nonstop talk
about wedding stuff?
No.
I was having a
conversation with Bryan
about floral arrangements before
you guys ruined everything.
Yeah.
Oh, [BLEEP].
Did she just die over there?
I [BLEEP] up.
Well, if you start focusing on
your snatch and not the wedding
stuff.
Did you just tell your
sister to focus on her snatch?
Yeah.
SUMMER: That was fun.
I got to admit that
when I first pulled up
I was going to kill you.
I was impressed that you
drank the shots with all
the random folks there.
That was like a
double shot, too.
And I didn't even flinch.
I didn't even have a chaser.
-Yeah.
Respect.
That was pretty rugged.
Your hair is getting long, huh?
Yeah.
You look good tonight.
Thank you.
So would you ever do
that again with me?
Sure.
That was a good time.
Honestly, I knew you would have
a good time, but you didn't.
I had fun.
I don't have like
a stick up my ass.
I was impressed.
I mean, it's still
not that late.
What time is your
pool open until.
We can get in there
any time, I think.
We?
If you want to.
[LAUGHING]
Right?
SUMMER: I want a drink.
Come on.
OK.
So what do you have around here?
Tequila.
Do you want it just straight
or like, how do you want it?
Do you want it straight
or how do you want it?
Whatever you want.
Whatever you're making.
SUMMER: I feel like we're
flirting back and forth.
I have that butterfly feeling.
I like having you around.
If you want to stay
longer, you can.
I just feel like he's
looking at me differently.
Here.
What do we cheers to?
All right.
Come here.
What?
Do people even do this?
I can't--
Being single, drinking
double, and sleeping triple.
OK.
Yeah.
Do you want to
go to the hot tub?
No, I don't want to walk
all the way over there.
What's up with that?
This?
I went and got the implant done.
What?
What are you doing?
Here's our invitations.
Why couldn't you hire
someone to do this?
I'm doing all this on my own.
So you could just [BLEEP] off
being my Maid of Honor, Nicole.
SUMMER: This whole night
has led up to this one kiss
and it isn't good.
I feel weird.
[LAUGHS]
[GROWLS]
There's just no chemistry.
It's like I'm
kissing my brother.
And I can't believe that
I don't feel anything.
I'm sorry.
I just feel like really weird.
I need some water.
Do you want a bottle of water?
Yeah.
You OK, though?
-Yeah.
No, no, no.
I'm sorry like I'm and idiot.
I'm cool.
Me, too.
Kissing is an
instant connection
that you have with someone.
You can't fabricate it.
So I don't understand, like,
we had such a good night.
It was fun.
It was flirty.
It was sexy.
Like, I don't know.
We're good.
OK.
I like what we have going on.
And, like, in no way, shape,
or form do I want to ruin that.
So good night.
Night.
How does your body
feel after the workout?
Oh, it feels OK.
Nicole really got
on my nerves today.
I'm at the point now
I'm about to tell her
to [BLEEP] off from
being my Maid of Honor.
Honestly.
Really?
That's a little much.
I feel like that's
a little strong.
Not a little much.
Her attitude today
was a little much.
Yes, it was.
What are your boundaries?
Like, go [BLEEP] yourself.
I think Nikki was so out
of line for snapping at me.
And it just bothers
me because this
isn't the first time that she's
shut me down about the wedding.
It's just nuts to me.
Like, this is once in a
lifetime and Nicole is just
really destroying it for me.
Yeah.
We're at the
performance center.
And I've decided that I
don't need the whole locker
room knowing what happened
with Fandango and I.
And let's be honest, it's
a little embarrassing.
So right now none
of the girls need
to know any of my business.
Hey, boo!
Hey!
What is this?
It's my new arm decoration.
Purple?
Yeah.
What do you mean?
My new tattoo.
You did it.
Did what?
Birth control implant.
I am neutered for
the next three years.
Mama, mama, [INAUDIBLE].
No.
Note yet.
I'm surprised that Trin went
ahead and got the implant.
Who doesn't know?
Jon doesn't know?
I haven't got around
to that part yet.
Why?
That's a big decision to make.
And it's something that a
couple should make together.
But, at the end of the
day, it it is her body.
It looks like you're
going to touch her boobs.
[KNOCKING]
Hey, sunshine, come save me.
Would you stop
breakdancing and come here.
What up?
See how she do me?
Help me.
Help me, all.
That's your woman.
Well, let's do it, then.
Oh!
My butt?
What's up with that?
This?
Oh, this old thing.
I've been meaning to
tell you about this.
Um.
There's just this big
elephant in the room.
And hopefully he's
willing to hear me out.
I went and got the implant done.
Really?
What are you doing?
Birth control.
Nicole, she's my Maid of Honor.
She should be supporting
me the most and she's not.
So I told her to not come.
What's going on?
There's nothing here and
we've established that.
Yeah.
It's a little awkward.
So I'm just a piece
of meat pretty much.
Remember I told you I
was thinking about getting
the birth control implant?
No, I don't remember you
telling me you was going
to get a birth control implant.
With me missing my
pills all the time,
I was very afraid that
I would pop up pregnant.
To me, this is better than being
surprised with a pregnancy.
We've been together this long.
We ain't had no babies.
We all right.
It's going to happen
sooner or later.
But for you to go and
do it without telling me.
That [BLEEP] that shady to me.
I can see if I went
and had a hysterectomy
and didn't tell you about it
and now I can't have kids.
I'm just saying, man.
I could have been
there for that [BLEEP].
NAOMI: I think Jon needs to
understand that this is my body
and this is the best
option for me right now.
I got the right to put
and do to it what I want.
What I feel is the best for me.
And I feel like this is
best for me right now.
You should have hollered at me.
Going to do that [BLEEP]
behind me, man, is shady.
Django made this new bottle
of wine and it's amazing.
You want me to pour you one?
No, I'm good.
Here's our invitations.
-They're made out of wood.
-I know.
Isn't that amazing?
I thought you guys were like
against cutting down trees.
Nicole have you ever
heard of recycling?
So what I need you to
do is cut the yarn.
Why couldn't you hire
someone to do this?
Because I thought it
would be fun for sisters
to get together and do this.
This happens once in a lifetime.
But, you know what?
Yeah, and sisters don't
wrestle in the ring.
OK, Nicole.
You're being so rude.
I came over here so you could
help me, not to have a glass
and watch the [BLEEP] sunset.
You're the one
that wanted to get
married at the craziest time.
But you're my Maid of Honor,
so you're supposed to help me.
That's your job.
I know, but, like, you just
don't think about at all
like how my week's been.
I have one second to myself and
you want me to do invitations.
You know what?
I am so sorry that I came
here and was an inconvenience.
But I just thought--
It's just been like too
much wedding stuff lately.
Like, I don't even
get time to breath.
What do you mean too
much wedding stuff?
You're such a [BLEEP] bitch.
Wow, you need to chill out.
I need to chill out?
You're acting crazy.
No, I'll tell you
what's [BLEEP] crazy,
I'm sure you'd love
that, is the fact
that you won't even help me.
Dude, I'm just exhausted.
You're expecting a
lot from me right now.
You're exhausted?
I'm really [BLEEP] exhausted.
But I'm doing all
this on my own.
So you can just [BLEEP] off
being my Maid of Honor, Nicole.
I'm a woman.
I feel like I got a right
to do this to my body.
Well, hell.
I guess we ain't
having no babies.
I'm not trying to
make you uncomfortable.
You're not trying to make
me uncomfortable by jumping
on my couch with me and sticking
your tongue down my throat?
Oh, my gosh!
So, mom, look for space 54.
What kind of car
did you get us?
Like some hot rod?
I should have.
Oh.
We have so much catch up on.
Oh, I know.
It will be so
interesting to see what
your children look like
because you're so dark
and he's so light.
Yeah.
I'd like a boy to look like him.
Be exactly like him.
Aw.
I can't wait.
My kids, they need their dad
to teach them baseball and--
Wrestling?
Yeah.
Wrestling.
So cute.
A little lumberjack.
So everything is
good with your sister?
What's up?
Well, the thing is,
she's my Maid of Honor.
She's supposed to
be helping me out.
And she hasn't.
And so I pretty much
told her to not come.
And, to be honest, I don't even
feel like she wants to be here.
Why do you say that?
I just think that Nicole
should be putting more effort.
Hello?
It's my wedding time.
So it's, like--
It's all about you.
Well, yeah.
And pretty much she should
be my bitch right now.
I just like as my
twin she should
be supporting me the most
out of anyone and she's not.
Well, it's just
very unlike her.
Do you think she
doesn't even realize it
but she's avoiding all this
because it's hard on her.
Because in her mind
she might think this
will never happen for me.
I've been asking Nikki about
every opinion about my wedding
and not once did I think maybe
I'm rubbing it in her face
or maybe I'm not being
sensitive to her feelings
about a wedding that
she may never get.
I just wish she would
say something to me
and just be like, I know
I haven't been there 110%,
but it's because it's
really hard on me
because it's something I want.
[SIGH]
Well, I'll talk to her.
Hey, baby.
Gosh, it's freezing.
It's freezing, huh?
Yeah, Tom said that when
they come out of the meeting,
they'll figure out I
guess what's happening
and they'll come up
and tell us, because I
haven't heard anything at all.
OK.
So what happened
the other night?
I feel like, I don't
know, I love what
we have so much professionally.
Like, you've helped me
so much in my career.
I guess like
especially coming up
to the main roster and
everything we've done together.
So in that moment--
So I'm just a piece
of meat, pretty much.
No.
I just feel like clearly
there's nothing here.
And we've established that.
Yeah.
That's a little awkward.
I'm not trying to
make you uncomfortable.
You're not trying to make
me uncomfortable by jumping
on my couch with me and sticking
your tongue down my throat?
Oh, my gosh.
Don't say that so loud.
No one at work is supposed
to know that at all.
As long as it doesn't affect
work, I'm not broken hearted.
I think we both kind of
know what the situation is.
Totally.
I love we have and
I love our duo.
If we get shipwrecked
one day on an island maybe
we could try to figure
it out and make it work.
But hopefully we're not
getting on any ships.
Just stay away from
the Fireball shots.
Oh, no more Fireball.
You ready to do this?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Thanks for breaking my heart.
I did not break your heart.
Hey, babe.
What's up?
You been hiding
from me all day.
I know you're still probably
upset from the whole birth
control incident, right?
I know I need this
in my arm so that we
don't have kids right now.
But what if I did get a
vasectomy without telling you?
I'm a woman.
I feel like I got the right
to do this to my body.
Well, hell.
I guess we ain't
having no babies.
I know you're probably still
upset from the whole birth
control incident.
I'm a woman, babe.
I feel like I got the right
to do this to my body.
I know I need this so that
we don't have kids right now.
I understand.
You don't want kids right now.
It's your body.
But what if I did get a
vasectomy without telling you.
I'd probably try and kill you.
See?
Just let me know next time.
I just want to be there.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
I'm sorry I did it
behind your back.
I'm sorry I didn't have
that conversation with you.
And I'm sorry I didn't
give you the opportunity
to be there with me.
This was a huge decision in
my life and in Jon's life.
And I should have
talked to him about it.
I'm so used to doing everything
my way and how I want it done.
But me and Jon are married now.
We're a team.
And we have to make
decisions together.
I'm still going to have babies,
just in a few more years.
All right.
So no more of that time of
the month and can't get none.
365 you can get it now.
That might have
been the best thing
you did to yourself, girl?
In love with me again?
-I always love you.
-I love you.
I love you, too.
[CHEERING]
RINK ANNOUNCER:
Introducing from the planet
Funk-- Cameron, Naomi.
The Funkadactyls!
ANNOUNCER: And there is
the longest reigning Diva's
champion in history-- AJ Lee.
Here comes Naomi.
Best athlete [INAUDIBLE].
No doubt about that.
I can't hear you!
ANNOUNCER: Naomi
is so fun to watch.
Charismatic.
Look at that!
This is what I'm talking about.
Since day one, since I
stepped foot into the ring,
my ultimate goal is to one day
be the next Diva's champion.
ANNOUNCER: Naomi
having some fun.
Yes, she is.
AJ, I'm coming for that title.
ANNOUNCER: Funk is on a roll!
We love you and
good night everyone!
Hey, I was looking for you.
Can we have a
private conversation
outside because I
don't wan to do it
in front of all these people?
It's true what they say
that every woman can
get wrapped up in her wedding.
I definitely have done that.
And I realized that
I really want to make
things right with Nikki.
I just feel like I really need
to have a conversation with you
because I'm getting married.
I understand that
sometimes I might
be a little crazy
because I want everything
to go perfect that day.
As a bride you do get
overwhelmed with everything.
It is your wedding time and
I'm not a normal person where
I just have all this free time
during the week and the weekend
to plan all this stuff.
So, like, when you
get a free moment,
it is your wedding
to do invitations
and I don't have
time for it, and I
just don't have time for it.
And I'm not trying to
be mean or be rude,
but you have to think of how
busy my schedule is, too.
And I realize that.
I was.
I talked to mom.
I can only imagine
you sounded to mom.
Oh, really?
Mom, Nicole is
ruining my wedding.
You like want me to like
sprinkle flowers everywhere
you walk.
That would be [BLEEP] awesome.
That's what you wanted.
Maybe I want to plan a wedding.
Well, we could plan a
fake wedding for you.
I'm just kidding.
Kind of.
Not really.
Watching you do it
I wish it was me
and I might not
ever get to do that.
I am in my Brie
way apologizing.
Well, in my Nikki way, fine.
I forgive you.
So in my Brie
way of apologizing
you are accepting my
apology in your Nikki way.
I'm just kidding.
I was going to say, sick.
Give me one of those
gross hugs you give.
Why is it so weird when we hug?
I don't know.
I feel like perverts.
Because your hands
are like molesty hands.
Oh, really?
They're like barely--
they're stiff.
I really, really want to
just make it easier on her
because having her
standing next to me
while I'm marrying
the man of my dreams.
Sharing that special moment.
I couldn't ask for more.
Imagine never
getting proposed to
and having to watch
you all try on dresses.
Yeah.
That does suck.
Oh, my god, now you admit it.
What else do you
want me to admit?
That you have a [BLEEP].
I do not have a penis.
Yeah.
You do.
No, I don't.
You're my twin brother.
NARRATOR: Next time,
on Total Divas.
(SINGING) All you
got to do is watch me.
I'm about that money.
(NORMAL VOICE) I'm soon
going to be having my singles
release party.
I have to get some publicity.
Babe, can I speak
to you for a moment?
-What?
-What's with this?
What do you mean,
"what's with that?"
I need to chill out
because this is too much.
We have an opportunity
making you guys a tag team.
I don't want you to
think I'm nitpicking.
I'm here trying.
She just sucks.
I was your only ally and now
you can go [BLEEP] yourself.
Evil.
ANNOUNCER: Naomi versus Aksana.
NAOMI: I hear a crack.
Instantly I feel immediate pain.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org